Fix extra space in fragment (#1064)
withastro/compiler: .changeset/tiny-buses-hide.md

---
"@astrojs/compiler": patch
---

> Fix extra space in fragment tag in TSX output

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes a bug caused by having an extra space in the fragment tag in the TSX output
```
